Add WeakRef session notes (#105)
rwaldron/tc39-notes: es9/2018-11/nov-29.md

– NHD to get in touch with J Chung
– Resync with get originals and Luke Wagner

## WeakRef Session

TST: I talked with the other co-champions and even we have some catching up to do.

TST: Briefly on the state of discussions, there are uncertanities around what exactly is a turn of GC, when exactly cleanup could happen, what does strong reference within a turn means. Is it after a script job has finished? After a Promise queue has been emptied? To my surprise, the spec pretends this doesn't have any ordering reqs.

> MM: Let me be precise but I agree with the sense. The spec is writte nin such a way the ordering policy decisions are left to the host. There is some arbitrary set of named job queues, each queue is FIFO. All promises use one of those job queues. All promise operations within an agent are fully detemrinistic ordered within that queue. However, the mechanism the spec uses to leave a lot of policy choices to the host is to say: at the end of a job, it's up to the host to take a look at the existing job queues. And of the ones that are non-empty and has a job that's ready, the host is completely free to determine which queue to service next. As far as the spec is concerned, the async things caused by async loading, script execution, etc, all could be interleaved between any queue operations between diff queues. I *believe* it's the case on all hosts as long as anything is ready on promise queue, the other queues are only serviced when the promise queue is drained.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MM: Let me be precise but I agree with the sense. The spec is written in such a way the ordering policy decisions are left to the host. There is some arbitrary set of named job queues, each queue is FIFO. All promises use one of those job queues. All promise operations within an agent are fully deterministic ordered within that queue. However, the mechanism the spec uses to leave a lot of policy choices to the host is to say: at the end of a job, it's up to the host to take a look at the existing job queues. And of the ones that are non-empty and has a job that's ready, the host is completely free to determine which queue to service next. As far as the spec is concerned, the async things caused by async loading, script execution, etc, all could be interleaved between any queue operations between diff queues. I *believe* it's the case on all hosts as long as anything is ready on promise queue, the other queues are only serviced when the promise queue is drained.
```

TST: I hadn't considered unregistering with just the holdings.

SGN: But you can register the same obj with multiple holdings. Common use case.

KM: Why is that common?

SGN: Shared state.

KM: But your holdings can just be a collections of a bunch of things that distinguish.

SGN: Okay, but that seems arbitrary to have that restriction.

KM: It's not that you can't have separate ones, just if you want to be able to unregister with just the holdings. Otherwise you have to have the object to unregister, which is very difficult if I don't care about it anymore.

SGN: Or you get a handle, that's the weak cell. That seems better.

KM: Or an optional 3rd argument like a key to unregister, then you get to choose it.

TST: Could provide an overload of WeakRef ctor that passes in holdings and a group that does both. WeakRef would just WeakRef, WeakRef(t, holdings, group) combines the registration, passing the holdings to group. One way could be unregister just based on the holdings.

KM: Could have on the group a way to register with the holdings.

TST: I think we can discuss the alternatives.

> MM: I like that the registratoin might take an optional key, and it's if you provide the key, it's the key you use to unregister.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MM: I like that the registration might take an optional key, and it's if you provide the key, it's the key you use to unregister.
```
